Xtreme feedback device.

1. Title
Team name, members

Red Alert is a visual feedback device that is controlled through the internet. Our extreme feedback device will be a mini lamp that can be put on the desk, stick on a wall or carried between between spaces.

2. problem/need that is addressed
Often we'd like to feel a better pulse of reality, and our proposal is a device that shows realtime feedback using the power of lights and colors.

3. Value proposition
The devices is meant to greatly reduce feedback time and show a current trend in mood, team morale, build failure/success. etc
It is very easy to use, needed only an initial setup and a power plug. 

 - build feedback
 - mood indicator
 - busy indicator
 - Team morale in a sprint


4. Underlying magic
describe the solution and technologies (Diagram + description)
The full system consists from 
 - programmed Arduino board, bound with LEDs and wrapped up as a single individual  device
 - API that communicates with the IoT Hub
 - Web site for device setup and inputting feedback
 - Mobile application for inputting feedback

5. Business model (how do we monetize)
The device can be introduced to development teams that use Continuous Integration and want to get a build feedback.
Another target can be companies that appreciate feedback from their people and want to make it transparent. 
New use cases can be discovered together with the clients based on the device and application capabilities.

 6. Go to market plan
 Potential customers will be approached, explaining them how the added value of having a realtime feedback device.
 The production of the device itself is not that expensive, and 
 
 7. Competitive analysis
 There are other similar devices on the market, e.g. http://gitgear.com/xfd/ which looks good, but has a catalog cost of 279 EUR.
 According to our calculation our device would be only 35 EUR and we'd also attempt for a monthly subscription of 3 EUR. 
 
 
 8. Management team
 We're a group of technology enthusiasts that are promoted by our mother company, having access to sales and marketing experts, as well as senior managers to provide guidance. 
 
 9. Financial projection
 In the bellow predictions we should expect 5-10 devices sold per client.
 1st year: 20-40 clients -> 
 2nd year: up to 100 clients
 3rd year: 200-300 clients
 
 10. Current Status, accomplishments and timeline
 The current achievement is a functional prototype (device + web application).
 In the next month we should have a final prototype and in 3 to 6 months we should be in a position to begin volume production.
 The budget will be focused on getting a matrix for the device and prepare a lot of prerequisite items, like PCBs, LEDs, etc.
 
 Demo
 show web app link and encourage people to access the app